- [Narrator] Now let's create the
RESTful bean Report Resource.
So, let's go to the IDE,
and under the rest package, that's the one.
We want to create a class and call it 'ReportsResource'.
I have not named it right, so I'm going to correct
the spelling right away.
I'm going to say, 'Resource'.
Okay, now this has to be, of course,
given the 'Path' annotation to specify that you are right
for this RESTful bean.
So, let's say, 'reports. That's the URA.
Let's see the next step.
Inject the ManagedExecutorService object
in the Resource class through the Resource annotation.
So we know that, if you want to get ahold of the managed
executor, or managing tool executor, or manage the factory,
or contact service. Any of these contact IPAs.
You can have a GNDA look-up, or you can inject them while
you do the resource annotation.
So I'm going to show you both the ways right now.
Let's go there and, let's see, you have a instructor of this
class, ReportResource.
So, how do you do a JNDI lookup?
Let's look at that first and
then we'll go to the resource annotation.
You have to take the whole of any InitialContext area,
which comes from the JavaExportNamingPackage.
This this is all the Java API for the services you're
talking about.
Say 'new initial' context.
Okay, and on this you will have to look up the resource
for managed executor service.
So, just to recollect, let's go to the server.
That's the server, that's the server running.
And we already know that the concurrent resources are
provided by default to you by the server container.
So I'm just going to go to 'ManagedExecutorService' and
pick up that name, the JNDI name.
Let's copy that. Go back to the editor and on the next line,
line number twenty-three, I'm going to say 'context.lookup',
and then I'm going to specify this name.
And then, you can collect this instance in the
ManagedExecutorService API.
You need a casting for this because it renotes an object
type of it. Then hit on value.
Okay, so, that's how we have collected.
So this is using the Initial Context,
and of course its going to look blue, so hit exceptions so
that we can set it on the block with.
Try-Catch.
So, this is one way of doing it,
but I think the easiest way is to just
inject these dependencies directly inside the RESTful bean
by the resource annotation.
So, let us now do this, and instead let's use the resource
annotations.
It's very easy to use that, so I'm trying to opt for that.
So I say 'at resource'
and the lookup perimeter we'll have
the name of your default ManagedExecutorService.
Okay? Oh, okay. This does not go inside the constructor,
so I'm going to cut this, get rid of this constructor,
I don't want the constructor as well.
Inside the class, I want to inject this as our dependency.
So on line number twenty-two,
I'm going to say 'at thread resource'.
And, what is this for? This is for ManagedExecutorService.
There we go.
Okay, so this is how you actually reference the resources in
your application components.
It could be an EJV, it could be a servelet,
or it could be a RESTful bean.
To just inform you, whenever you talk about,
lets say, creating a servelet class,
inside your servelet class as well,
this kind of dependency injection will work.
Do not worry about that.
So don't think that just because it's a servelet app you
have to make an entry in the Web X and all of that.
You can opt for that of course, no worries.
But, it definitely will work
even with the ResourceAnnotation.
Okay, so we have taken the ManagedExecutorService object.
Let's quickly set up the connection pooling
using the c3p0 library.
So, what I actually mean by this is that
we know that we are doing a lot of database interactions
and there are millions of bank accounts,
and I don't want to create millions of database connections.
So I am going to opt for connection pooling, and I'm using
the c3p0 library for it.
So, let's go to the IDE and in the constructor
of this class, I'm going to set up de-connection pooling.
So, let see how do do it.
It's very simple to do it, you will have to grab
the ComboPooledDataSource object.
We're just coming from the c3p0 library,
let's say they're the source,
and say 'new combo pool data source'.
Once that's done, you will have to just go ahead and say
they're the source and set all the properties to it.
So, starting with the JdbcUrl,
which will be jdbcmysql//localhost3306
and the database we are connecting to is 'test'.
Similarly, you will have
dataSource.setDriverClass,
which is com.mysql.jdbc.Driver.
Then you have the data source to set the user,
which is 'root', and the password,
the credentials of the database basically.
So yes, you can externalize these properties and
make the school way better, no doubt about that.
Okay, and now we want to attach this data source with our
Dao object, just to recollect.
If you open BankAccountDao.
Yup, we have tied up the dataSource with the
BankAccountDao object, so we need to do that.
In order to do that, let's go on line number twenty
of the RESTful bean and create an
instant of the BankAccountDao,
that's what we need.
Right? Once we do that, lets come down to the constructor
and let's instantiate that dao.
Okay? When we instantiate that dao,
we are going to attach this newly-created combo pool
datasource object to the dao class
so that is is tied up with it.
Okay, so that's what you do, that's all.
That's all that you have to do in order to set up
that database connection pooling.
It is going to throw an exception it
lets around the block with try catch.
Right, so, if it does not find any property present
correctly, it will throw you this exception.
Okay, so, that connection pooling is also
set in the RESTful bean.
Now, we have to write a method, and then we have to call the
ManagedExecutorService to submit the tasks.
Let's look at that in the next video.